A Dashboard Plugin for Buddi

For Buddi, "Dashboard" plugin, which will show an extra, small, window (or possibly another tab on the main screen - I have not yet decided which would be better) with user defined information such as current expenditure vs. budget, almost like a live updating report (see the description).

In more detail, "A recurring request in Buddi is to show a live summary of your actual spending compared with your budget, for a given period. The current GUI design does not lend itself well to including this information in either the My Accounts or My Budget tabs, as this would tend to clutter things up too much and make it difficult to read.
One solution to this is to include a Dashboard style plugin, which can quickly show you the information you desire, and show you your status at a glance.
This plugin is probably best created as a BuddiRunnablePlugin. In the implemented run() method of your plugin, you should create a status window (specifying the correct AWT event thread, since BuddiRunnablePlugins are not automatically started on this thread). You could then add listeners to this window to determine when the focus changes to windows containing different data files, and update the contents automatically. Alternatively, you could open a different Dashboard window for each instance of MainFrame found; by definition, each instance of MainFrame will represent a different data file).
**Hint: You can access all Buddi windows by using ApplicationModel.getInstance().getOpenFrames(); iterate over this list, and check if each is an instance of MainFrame to find all open MainFrame instances.**
The actual contents of this Dashboard report should initially be a graphical version of the summary table for the built in report "Show me my income and expenses by category". In other words, you should have some sort of chart which shows which categories you have spent too much in, which categories are getting close to spending too much, and which are fine.
You should be able to change the date range which is shown: e.g., this month, this week, etc. The plugin should remember this setting between sessions: use the Plugin Preferences API to save settings. You should also remember the window position and size between sessions.
Be sure to make the core of this plugin modular, using good OO practices. A well made Dashboard plugin should be easy to convert to show different types of data (pie charts, upcoming scheduled transactions, etc). Optimally, it would be nice to have the core launching and preference storing framework in a completely separate class from the code which draws the graphs (most likely extending a JPanel or something). If I or another third party developer needs to modify the entire plugin to just change the contents of the report, it would not be very useful to use it as a base for new development.
As with the other, previous Buddi projects, much of the GUI design and plugin architecture are left up to you. If you have specific implementation questions, feel free to ask me, but be aware that I will not make high level decisions about interface or architecture for you. As always, try to make the GUI simple to use, yet powerful, and keep your code as clean as possible."